---
title: Start
date: '2014-10-23 22:46:12'
layout: post
image:
  feature: the-end.jpg
  credit: WallpapersWide
  creditlink: http://wallpaperswide.com/the_end_3-wallpapers.html
categories: blog
excerpt: "It has been about two months since my last post. I should say sorry to my readers and myself...."
comments: true
share: true
---
It has been about two months since my last post. I should say sorry to my readers and myself. I am too lazy and have too many excuses. Well, here is a list of what I am doing now. Teaching lectures, interviews and prepare my WQE. Well , I do take some time to work on a side project xmfun. But it turns out that only my parter is making progress and I just keep staying where I was about two weeks ago. I am not a good parter. We have regular meeting tonight. I am supposed to work on the project and prepare the meeting now. But I just open this blog and I do want to write something here. I need to calm down and find a place to take a breathe.

I have to teach a lab lecture on Monday and Wednesday, and have office hours on Tuesday. Professor gave us some old slides made by a previous TA. All the slides are kind of crap. So I just make my own slides every time. It takes time but I am ok with it.

The second thing is about interview. I went to both the CS showcase event and Engineer career fair. Well, for CS showcase, I was woking as sort of a recuiter with Appfolio people. It was very interesting experience. I got to see a lot of my "students" and suprisingly they still remembered me. There were only nine or ten companies. But the room was full of people. I got at least 50 resumes. Some of them are very good, but some of them are really bad. For example, some of them have very small fonts and double side. It took me more than 10 seconds to find the education part, whether he or she is graduate or undergrad. Do not make a such long resume. Acutally, here is a good [reference](http://niniane.org/resume_howto.html) to write a killer resume  for software engineers. You can also check the author's resume. It is a very good example. On the first of the career fair event, I was also helping appfolio people to collect resumes. I was so excited to my appfolio mentor Eric. He told me about the ACH project that I was working on. It is going to be released almost. Hex team is really fast and productive. Unfortunately, I am not able to participate in it. As you can tell, I still love appfolio and the Hex team.

My advisor keeps pushing me on my WQE even though I don't work on it at all. Is it a good time to say good bye? I don't know, but I do know I suffer from it every day now. I made a plan last week and it seems to be a good plan but still have a bunch of places that may get challenges. Anyway, the deadline is approaching. It means it is entirely possible that I will fail it again.

I told wudired that I was tortured by anxiety almost every day. He told me to do some workout and relax. I did. I am trying to go to the gym every other day and make a treadmill workout for 40 mins. It does give me some help. However, I feel like my health is becoming worse cuz I got chest pain on the right side sometimes. It just happend in a sudden and then goes away. But I am ok with it.

Last part, I will introduce an awesome app that I found last week. It is called [filedrop](http://www.filedropme.com/). The function is simple but the user interface is fantastic. Believe it or not, I was touched the first time I used it. It was such an emotional moment. You should definitely check it out. Next, I would like to introduce a piano accompaniment, [The Moment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N6ek_fPOLro). Listen, relax and enjoy it. Good night :)